Okay, what is Fort Worth, the city of Fort Worth's
relationship, the planning department's
relationship with the county planning
department? There is none. We don't, and
generally the reason is they don't, in our county
there's no zoning jurisdiction. We do have
jurisdiction in terms of planning. They have to
meet all our subdivision regulations, but only in
terms of the planning itself, not in terms of
construction of the street and so forth. So that
would be the only relationship. But we really
don't have to work with the county on any type of
planning. Actually, I don't even think our county
does that much planning. But I'm all about
planning, I should say. OK, is there any
relationship with the state planning
department? Do you have any association with
anybody?
The only association would probably be with the
Texas Historical Commission, if anything. We
have a cultural and advisory, a historical and
cultural advisory board, and we work with them,
and also work with, sometime we have to work with
the Texas Historical Commission on certain sites
at times. Okay. Other than that, there's no, I
don't know. Okay, there's
a popular nightclub in Fort Worth called Billy
Bob's. Have there been any effects on planning
from that? institution. Have you had to consider
that in any of your plans? Oh, yeah. Well, we
consider it every time we start looking at that
area, what kind of an impact that has had on the
community. And they are in the process right now of
developing or requesting a grant. A UDAG grant
from the federal government to develop. UDAG,
meaning? UDAG is a Urban Development Action
Grant. It comes out in the Community Development
Block Program, Forest Park. It is like that.
Actually,
what they're trying to do is to build like a family
amusement center for the area, but also include,
you know, 35 and have restaurants and other things
to bring more visitors to the area. The influence
of
billybogg is really mainly on transportation and
it really is a problem on some nights that there's
just so many parliament bills there that it causes
a traffic problem. But that's, you know, that's
just used on heavy nights. At one time, we had some
trolleys running from downtown to Billy Bob's so
people wouldn't have to worry about the traffic.
And I don't know if that's still going on now. Some
what, really? Trolleys. Oh. They're just, you
know, busses. They're really buses that go by the
trolley. It has an influence to that. But when we
probably, in a later time, do a more detailed study
of the area, that's going to be one of the biggest
things to take care of the traffic and access into.
I'm
just speculating. I'm speculating that what had
happened in Fort Worth, that you had a major
influence by just a few people, so they wanted to
sort of keep... Fort Worth, what it was,
and not change it. And these influence has slowed
the development of the city down. Whereas in
Dallas, I think it's been just the opposite. You
know, there haven't totally been major families
that have influence all over that area. I really
think this has been good for Fort Worth. And I think
it has grown, and the reason it has really added
some quality to the community in terms of what to do
with the river, what to do with the downtown. Here
you have Bob Bass who, you know, His wealth comes
from all. It comes from a previous family that was
noted in the community. He's given back to the
community. I mean, he's got two major office
structures downtown. I know they're not full. And
so it's costing. But somehow, what he has done is
added such a major influence on the downtown that
it's going It's going
to be the scene for the future of the community. I
mean, it's just not the same. You go downtown
Dallas, and what do you see? All skyscrapers, and
you walk for blocks, and that's all you're going to
see. It's a nice park area. I'm not saying they
don't, but I'm saying as opposed to Fort Worth, you
have a main street. You have two major vistas that
you can look down and see, the courthouse at Money
Engine Night, downtown
county convention center at the other end. So I
really think it has helped us in terms of going . I
think the influence has been from the previous
people that lived and had influence in the
community. Now you're saying the influence of the
wealthy people now is slowly bringing in the
business. But the ancestor from the people that
had the quality of trying to keep Fort Worth small
and not grow out of control, now they're children.
are now
the
implementers
of these plans
that they'll have. Again, even though it's
influenced and changing, it's a positive aspect.
They're setting the scene for maybe their
children, I guess, for the future. His last
brother, one of his brothers, developed this
caravan to eat downtown. I don't know if you're
familiar with that. I mean,
for a community
of this size, they have something like this that's
phenomenal. There's
a theater there. They have, you know, all the
famous jazz singers have come here, or do come
here. So it's really, you know, it's something
that you would think would be dating New York or
something. I mean, there's hell right here in Fort
Worth. So it's just, it's unbelievable.